Levels of Power

1. Grand Master
2. Admin
3. User

Finacial Managment Website

Display of all money totalled for accounts (This is your bank account ballance).

Different accounts like spending and savings.
Money display for each account and catagory of spending

Input money earned
Inputed money earned can give percentages to different accounts.

accounts can have a max value and then no more money will enter that account for example.
emergency fund account will have a max of 1000 dollars for a rainy day.

You can add different catagroies of spending such as food, games etc.
These catagories are for budgetting purposes and the money displayed has no value.
theses catagories will have a max value per week month or year.
the max value is how much you can spend per the amount of time on the catagory.
When inputing a expence into the system you will enter a catagory that it is and it will take money out of the catagory and out of the account that catagory is linked to. 
Every catagory is linked to an account to take money out of.

All accounts and catagories can have negative values.
If the catagories have negative values then the next month will only add back the max value of the catagory. so if your food catagory has negative 20 dollars and a max of 50 dollars then next month the food catagory will only have 30 dollars to discurage spending.

You will have a graph of total money earned over time and a total graph of money spent.

There will be a pie chart for money earned and money spend. The pie chart will be allocated by the catagory of money erned and moneyspent. 


I will need:

Logout button
Super balance (all Accounts combined)
Accounts:
	Money ammount and if applicable out of total max
	A way to edit/delete accounts
		add or change max value (will not change current value)
		delete button
			move funds to different accounts, cannot delete account if account does not equal 0
		change name
		Manuall Override
			Change ammount (will change super balance)
	Add Catagory Button (include all features realated to editing a catagory)
Catagories:
	Money ammount out of total max
	A way to edit/delete catagories
		change max value (will not change current value)
		delete button
			are you sure
		change name
		change associated account
		Manuall Override
			Bring current amount to max value (Doesnt't change associated account amount)
			Bring current amount to any value including negatives (Doesnt't change associated account amount)
	Add Catagory Button (include all features realated to editing a catagory)

